Orders & Items
''Learning Objectives:
Use another class file to help store data related to the app in a more organized way.
Understand the value of grouping data together in a class to perform similar operations.
Set member variables inside a class file
Be able to instantiate a new instance of a class (initialize a custom data type).

Let's take Cafe Java to the next level and add in some custom data types! Create 2 new classes Order and Item. They should have the following member variables:

Item class member variables:
String name
double price
Order class member variables:
String name
double total
boolean ready
ArrayList<Item> items
Of course, you will also need to demo its capabilities for the dev team, so make a TestOrders class to do this. Tip! When creating new instances don't forget the new keyword for instantiating objects!

import java.util.ArrayList;
public class TestOrders {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
    
        // Menu items
    
        // Order variables -- order1, order2 etc.
    
        // Application Simulations
        // Use this example code to test various orders' updates
        System.out.printf("Name: %s\n", order1.name);
        System.out.printf("Total: %s\n", order1.total);
        System.out.printf("Ready: %s\n", order1.ready);
    }
}


1- Create the Item class with the member variables listed above.

2- Create the Order class with the member variables listed above.

3- Create the testing file TestOrders and complete the rest of the tasks inside the testing file.

4- Create 4 item variables of type Item and instantiate each as an Item object. Name them item1, item2 etc.

5- Set the price and the name for each -- "mocha", "latte", "drip coffee" and "capuccino" (price is up to you!)

6- Create 4 order variables of type Order and instantiate each as an Order object. Name them order1, order2 etc.

7- Set each order's name -- "Cindhuri", "Jimmy", "Noah", "Sam".

8- Print the order1 variable to the console to see what happens.

9- Predict what will happen if you print order1.total

10- Add item1 to order2's item list and increment the order's total.

11- order3 ordered a cappucino. Add the cappuccino to their order list and to their tab.

12- order4 added a latte. Update accordingly.

13- Cindhuri’s order is now ready. Update her status.

14- Sam ordered more drinks - 2 lattes. Update their order as well.

15- Jimmy’s order is now ready. Update his status.